Inversion Count for an array indicates – how far (or close) the array is from being sorted. If array 
is already sorted then inversion count is 0. If array is sorted in reverse order then inversion count 
is the maximum. Formally speaking, two elements a[i] and a[j] form an inversion if a[i] > a[j] 
and i < j. Example: The sequence 2, 4, 1, 3, 5 has three inversions (2, 1), (4, 1), (4, 3).
Project Description: the file “IntegerArray.txt” included in this project folder contains all the 
100,000 integers between 1 and 100,000 (inclusive) in some order, with no integer repeated. 
Your task is to compute the number of inversions in the file given, where the i-th row of the file 
indicates the i-th entry of an array. Because of the large size of this array, you should implement 
a divide-and-conquer algorithm.
Grade: 100 marks in total, while it accounts for 25% of the final grade.
Programming language: C/C++, Java, Python, or any other advanced programming languages
Submission:
1. Venue: Canvas.
2. Contents: 
(1) Code. Please add necessary comments to the code to help me understand and grade 
your program.
(2) Running instruction and results. Please provide a Readme.txt file to list the steps to 
compile and run your program, including the software environment. It is also 
REQUIRED to provide your running time and running result (a sorted array saved in 
a file) by including the relevant screenshots/files in a “Result” folder. 
(3) Project report. Each student is required to submit a project report including at least 
the following items: abstract, problem description, algorithm (pseudocode), 
implementation details, running results and analysis, conclusions on what you 
have learned in the project, and references (if applicable, also explicitly cite them 
in your project report). 
Please zip all the above documents into one package and name it as “Your_Last_Name_ 
Your_First_Name.zip”. The upload page will be closed after the due date, so please upload 
your assignment before the deadline. You may submit your assignments several times before the 
deadline. No email submission is accepted.
1. Correctness (60): 
2. Efficiency (20):
3. Report (20):
-abstract (2): 
-problem description (2): 
- algorithm (pseudocode) (8): 
- implementation details (2): 
- running results and analysis (4): 
- conclusions on what you have learned in the project (2): 
- references (): 